What is the bet?
It's the entertainment company anchored in your hands.
This fool really knows that I own an anchor entertainment company
What if you lose?
Hey, I don't want your bad game company
If I lose
I automatically renounce my status as heir.
I bet with you.
Phuong Minh
Because my husband Fengming is so confident,
He certainly won't lose.
You should not interfere in the betting between cousins.
Ten thousand steps back.
If Fengming loses
It also proves that your ability to work is not good enough.
Not suitable to manage a company.
Let Yu Feng take over when the time comes.
You will not treat your brother badly.
snorting
Yeah, don't worry.
Even if the older brother loses.
I'll never treat this idiot as badly as my brother.
I think it would be nice to thank him for being president.
Who can think
There will be such a life.
He had actually voluntarily relinquished his status as heir apparent.
In this way
Just wait a month
I could have trampled him under my feet.